README.md, before:

wxPi
====

A Raspberry Pi-based Oregon Scientific weather station that also supports the 
Bosch BMP085/180 temperature and pressure sensor.

Requirements
------------
 * Python >=2.7 and <3.0
 * sqlite3
 * RPi.GPIO
 * wiringPi
 * a 433 MHz radio with AM demodulation, e.g., QAM-RX3-433

Usage
-----
  1) Wire up the radio, LEDs, and pressure sensor
  
  2) Build the decoder.so extension via 'make'
  
  3) Update the configuration file 'wxPi.config'
  
  4) Run the script via ./wxPi.py

Supported Sensors
-----------------
Oregon Scientific
 * 5D60 - BHTR968 - Indoor temperature/humidity/pressure
 * 2D10 - RGR968  - Rain gauge
 * 3D00 - WGR968  - Anemometer
 * 1D20 - THGR268 - Outdoor temperature/humidity
 * 1D30 - THGR968 - Outdoor temperature/humidity

Bosch
 * BMP085
 * BMP180

The data formats used for these sensors come from:
 * http://www.osengr.org/WxShield/Downloads/OregonScientific-RF-Protocols-II.pdf
 * http://www.disk91.com/2013/technology/hardware/oregon-scientific-sensors-with-raspberry-pi/
 * http://www.mattlary.com/2012/06/23/weather-station-project/
 * https://github.com/tomhartley/AirPi
 * http://learn.adafruit.com/using-the-bmp085-with-raspberry-pi/overview
 * Trial and error

Presumably other sensors that transmit v2.1 or v3.0 sensors are also supported if you 
know the data format.

Breadboard Example
------------------
![wxPi Breadboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaycedowell/wxPi/master/wxPi_breadboard.png)

Commit message:

Updated the README.md file to include instructions for setting up the initial database in the correct directory.

README.md, after:

wxPi
====

A Raspberry Pi-based Oregon Scientific weather station that also supports the 
Bosch BMP085/180 temperature and pressure sensor.

Requirements
------------
 * Python >=2.7 and <3.0
 * sqlite3
 * RPi.GPIO
 * wiringPi
 * a 433 MHz radio with AM demodulation, e.g., QAM-RX3-433

Usage
-----
  1) Wire up the radio, LEDs, and pressure sensor
  
  2) Build the decoder.so extension via 'make'

  3) Create the initial database in the 'archive' directory using the 'initDB.sh' script
    
  4) Update the configuration file 'wxPi.config'
  
  5) Run the script via ./wxPi.py

Supported Sensors
-----------------
Oregon Scientific
 * 5D60 - BHTR968 - Indoor temperature/humidity/pressure
 * 2D10 - RGR968  - Rain gauge
 * 3D00 - WGR968  - Anemometer
 * 1D20 - THGR268 - Outdoor temperature/humidity
 * 1D30 - THGR968 - Outdoor temperature/humidity

Bosch
 * BMP085
 * BMP180

The data formats used for these sensors come from:
 * http://www.osengr.org/WxShield/Downloads/OregonScientific-RF-Protocols-II.pdf
 * http://www.disk91.com/2013/technology/hardware/oregon-scientific-sensors-with-raspberry-pi/
 * http://www.mattlary.com/2012/06/23/weather-station-project/
 * https://github.com/tomhartley/AirPi
 * http://learn.adafruit.com/using-the-bmp085-with-raspberry-pi/overview
 * Trial and error

Presumably other sensors that transmit v2.1 or v3.0 sensors are also supported if you 
know the data format.

Breadboard Example
------------------
![wxPi Breadboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jaycedowell/wxPi/master/wxPi_breadboard.png)
